hey welcome ex-pec-tates to or not
welcome back but this is little bit
Salah al-din score am I quickly saved
because I was going to attack this
mammoth and then this happened well one
mama turned into two they spawned inside
each other maybe their mommy and daddy
Madison daddy just forgot to turn up so
just spawned insider and is being walked
by this big giant that I thought I could
I could take on with my bow and arrow
hmm I did bugger all damage and that's
just upset he's a mammoth the pit so now
I'm in all sorts of trouble they're all
concentrating on I got a companion at
the moment is names Farkas and which is
pretty funny name and I'm just to shoot
this moment in the ass just to piss it
off even more yeah so that Marcus is
already down and now this little glitch
happened when this man trotted back
beyond the head but he's here there's so
much fun oh geez I love to be like a
fallout um well I guess it is a lot like
fallout with its little these little
glitches at your fines throughout the
land and then so I SAT again and wanted
to see if I could you know well well
then this happened look exciting that is
Easter wagging his tail it spawned in
mummy and then he Scott is up in the
clouds man then it lands on the back
poor girl but in doing so it actually
killed the mammoth so I've got a bit of
a free ride on loading the mammoths
behind get a snout and a Tusker dunno
it'll that'll do but I'll say be able to
kill the things as a moan like level 9
or something so I can't take them out
just yet oh yeah so there's just a quick
couple little glitches or just save
there because i am that mammoth odd
didn't want to have to really kill it or
just let the glitch kill it yeah just a
couple of little glitches of feran that
on Skyrim I'm sure there's going to be
plenty more but whether I'm recording
thanks for watching cause that's a
little different from what I've got on
my channel but have you enjoyed it and
something fantastic happens to you like
they didn't score and what a great game
catches
you